CASSANDRA-17264 - Content Update, Link fixes (#90)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog/Cassandra-and-Kubernetes-SIG-Update-and-Survey.adoc

** Remove third DC
Although each organization is different, these scenarios or combinations of these scenarios account for 80% of most pure Apache Cassandra use cases. The SIG would love to know more about Cassandra users’ use cases for Kubernetes. Please take https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdoTCMxsDwRzt-U898fVmeksBlAf5fud2GVsGqC0T_IQz2Tg/viewform[this short survey,window=_blank], which will remain open through September 17, 2020.

> Join the https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/CASSANDRA/Cassandra+Kubernetes+SIG[biweekly meetings,window=_blank] to stay informed.

Reviewer: Use the permanent link so even when the page title changes, the link will continue to work:

```suggestion
Join the https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/GCzcC[biweekly meetings,window=_blank] to stay informed.
```
